feat(Styleguide): Gamut System docs and routing fixes (#1395)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Foundations/System/About.stories.mdx

import title from '@codecademy/macros/lib/title.macro';
import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/dist/blocks';

import { TableOfContents } from '~styleguide/blocks';

<Meta
  title={title}
  parameters={{
    status: 'stable',

>     subtitle: 'System Properties and style functions',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    subtitle: 'System properties and style functions',
```

  }}
/>

> Many of our components are written in emotion our CSS in JS library. In order to improve resuability, predictability and standardization across our design system we've created a set of style utilities that we call **System Props**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of our components are written in our CSS in JS library, [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/). we've created a set of style utilities that we call **System Props** to improve reusability, predictability, and standardization across our design system .
```
